docs: Document how secrets interact with suspend. (#4020)
feldera/feldera: docs/pipelines/fault-tolerance.md

  A fault-tolerant pipeline can also be suspended and resumed.

> ⚠️ Feldera resolves [secrets](../connectors/secret-references.md)

> > once at pipeline startup.  Storage for fault tolerant pipelines and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> once at pipeline startup.  Checkpointed state for fault tolerant pipelines and
```
